TOOLS USED

- jQuery, for some simple responsive text resizing. Other methods of resizing (like CSS3’s vw) aren’t Android-friendly.

- Angular, because it frees the game logic from the DOM. I enjoy simply worrying about building the game data, rather than how it will look in the HTML or wrapping game logic up with IDs and classes.

- A few fonts from Google Fonts.

TRADEOFFS

The board’s cells became elongated, rather than square, in my efforts to create a fully responsive grid. I kept the full responsiveness instead of going back to square cells, but squares would be much more pleasing visually, and I’d chase down a solution before putting this into production. Plus, I’m cutting it pretty close in terms of fitting everything above the fold.

Similarly, I used an ugly hack to set the size of the numbers. Using a timeout to run resizeNumbers() definitely gives me a “yuck” feeling, but without the timeout, the resize function occasionally runs too early, especially in Safari, resulting in weird tiny numbers about 1 out of 10 times. I liked the dynamic number sizes enough to put up with the hack.

My CSS isn’t semantic. This was mainly to save time, versus envisoning a broader “game world” in which the board pieces might be reusable in other contexts and applications. In a production environment, CSS is ideally reusable in conceptual units like “alert” or “menu”.

Similarly, the files aren't organized into a folder structure that indicates an expectation of project growth.

IF I HAD MORE TIME …

I’ve been spoiled by Foundation — I haven’t written my own responsive CSS in a long time! Some of it is pretty rough. I’d be interested in building a resizable grid more along the lines of best practices.

I’d also build a board generator, obviously, or the application would have rather limited use.

The “game restart” is just a reload of the entire page, which is pretty chintzy. I’d build in an actual restart function, or at least include Angular routing so I could reload the route instead of the entire page.
